Aww, little baby bitch ass is crying again, what's the matter?
Feeling like you don't fit in anywhere?
What about fitting that ass in with us, the mighty Deezy Cizzarn?
We'll fucking gladly take you
We take all shapes, colors, sizes, and genders!
We are the mighty, mystical, mythological
Dark motherfucking carnival, byatch!
I see you feeling lonely again, you's a mother fucker
Feeling like you don't belong, like you the only other?
Some of us scrubs got it worse than you
Some of us scrubs got it worse than you
No homies to call on, or crew to belong too
Some of us said fuck all that bullshit and dropped out
Some of us stood up to fight but got knocked out
Some of us like to cuss and don't like your format
We like the wicked shit and chose not to ignore that
Some of us be coming out of more than a broken home
Some of us be living out of our cars and carry on
Some of us see the Budget Suites as a real apartment
And make you take off your shoes on our carpet
Some of us are on parole and can't leave the state
And some are dead and gone, my homie Blaze can relate
And some can't afford a free phone call
But then some of us's equal us all, think about that
We Belong! We the shit. We Belong! We the shit
We Belong! Our carnival is here!
We Belong! We the shit. We Belong! Come as you are
We Belong! Find Us Everywhere!
Some of us own dope cars that fail to exist
Some of us have profiles nobody else fits
And some ain't got time for the Monks in Tibet
Because my own kids are hungry and they're looking to me for shit
Some of us own drug paraphenalia materials
And some of us have incurable sexual venereals
And some of us have dreams of being a star
And most won't make it that far, but it's all good
Some of us can't afford the coolest shoes
Some of us give a fuck what popularity choose
Some bitches tittie dance because their babies are crying
Others say they're dancing for college, you know that they're lying
Some of us are in love with people who ain't ours
Some of us don't give up until we're behind bars
And some of us must of been born to take the fall
But then some of us's equal us all
And I'm with you
We Belong! We the shit. We Belong! We the shit
We Belong! Our carnival is here!
We Belong! We the shit. We Belong! Come as you are
We Belong! Find Us Everywhere!




Sedatives
Insane Clown Posse

[Intro]
"Dr. Davis, telephone please, Dr. Davis, telephone please
Dr. Forest, dial one eighteen please
Dr. Forest, please dial one one eight
Dr. Glair, Dr. Glair, Dr. J. Hamilton, Dr. J. Hamilton"

[Verse 1: Violent J & Shaggy 2 Dope]
I like to suffocate people and bite their necks
They got me in a place that ain't like the rest
And all you gotta do is try to go for the neck
And it's sedatives, sedatives, like that
Slow down, color smear all around
Weird sounds, you in the mind of a clown
And a wicked one somehow spinnin' around
Wheel me down the hallway, arms strapped down
With sedatives hangin' all out the neck from the IV
Sedatives for the lively
Study me, ask me, no answer
I'm cuttin' your neck first chance, sir
White walls, white floor, small rooms
After sedatives, they become ballrooms
Crows fly by my window slow
Headed that way but lookin' at me though


[Chorus: Violent J & Shaggy 2 Dope]
Sedatives, sedatives
(Lookin' at me) Sedatives, sedatives
(Lookin' at me) Sedatives, sedatives
Sedatives, sedatives

[Verse 2: Violent J & Shaggy 2 Dope]
I'm an accident, human malfunction at best
And I'm lookin' at a scalpel diggin' into your chest
If I could only move, but them sedatives
You know they saving your life, them sedatives
Some of these other patients are strong as hell
Suffocating one creep took me long as hell
But I took his sedatives, well I thought they were sedatives
But they were only medatives
I fake pain, call 'em over and play dead
And yank a fistful of hair out the nurse lady's head
High on sedatives again, put me in a tiny place
Chin strap muzzle over my face
I threw a guy off the roof first day they admitted me
I was sedated, and that's when it hit me
The only time I'm at peace is when I ain't even there
God tell me, why the fuck am I here?

[Chorus: Violent J & Shaggy 2 Dope]
Sedatives (No shock) (!haA)
Sedatives (No shock) (!oN !haA)
Sedatives (No shock) (!rekcuf rehtom uoY)
(!haA)
[Verse 3: Violent J & Shaggy 2 Dope]
I want a lobotomy, no shock therapy
Come clean me nurse, take care of me
I suffocated the last two they sent in alone
They had to stick me in the chest with a shot of methadone
Recreation time, wheel me to the courtyard
Four guards in white and they might be important
And the sky is blue and I can watch trees grow
Watch leaves flow, enjoy the sedative show
Well I even have my very own room these days
White straight jacket, padded walls and PJ's
But there's so many ways and every stunt I pull
I even slammed my own mouth down on the toilet bowl
For attention? maybe, not to mention a sedative
Heard one guy say "why even let it live?"
There's probably no sedatives in Hell
And that's the only reason I'm alive still!
The Witch is everywhere and I can see that, y'all
Stabbed one nurse in the neck with a straw
A plastic straw, yeah it's flimsy and weak
But if you cork it with your thumb and hold it right, freak!

[Outro: Shaggy 2 Dope]
Sedatives, sedatives, sedatives, sedatives
Sedatives, sedatives, sedatives, sedatives
Sedatives, sedatives, sedatives, sedatives
Sedatives, sedatives, sedatives, sedatives
Sedatives, sedatives, sedatives, sedatives
Sedatives, sedatives, sedatives, sedatives
Sedatives, sedatives, sedatives, sedatives
Sedatives, sedatives, sedatives, sedatives
[Segue]
*Tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap* "Come out here"


MAKE SURE ITS MEDINCINE AND NOT SEDATIVES!!!
just cuz you have impusive or thiughts. doesnt mean you have to claim them as your own.digest after you injest

"Are you gonna let me in?
Hello? Hello?"
2:45 and the bell went off, thank God
Many people think I'm odd
But I talk with no one and I walk alone
And I avoid sunlight with a chalky tone
I get home and I don't say hi, it ain't no one there
I don't care, I walk in and go right up the stairs
To my room, get in bed, and just wait for dark
Because that's when the real show starts
Tap, tap on the glass go the piece of ass
So young and pretty, it's too bad she passed
But she comes to my room and we talk at night
She's demonic and bloody but she holds me tight
In my bedroom, with her, I'm never alone
And I kiss her cold lips until the morning comes
Then she gone, I can still hear her voice loom
But she only exists in the dark of my room
Love, I can't ignore you
In my room
Do anything for you (tap, tap)
Love, I do adore you
In my room
(Tap, tap go the piece of ass) you and I
Love, I can't ignore you
In my room
Do anything for you (tap, tap)
Love, I do adore you
In my room
(Tap, tap go the piece of ass) you and I
I try to smile a lot but I'm always frontin'
But I do love a ghost and at least that's somethin'
She don't talk much and when she do, it gets cold
Usually we just lay there, where we hold each other
We're lovers, we don't need others
One of my mother's cats jumped up on the covers
And it scared my baby, 'cause she don't like pets
So I twisted its fuckin' head off at the neck
"Look baby, it's bloody, it's gone, it's doomed"
"Please! Come back to the room"
"I'll do anything for thee, don't ignore me"
This is more than a sick love story
Without you, I'd bring a shotgun to school
And I will if you want me to, for any reason
I hate that you leave when the lights come on
And if I had it my way, the fuckin' sun would be gone
Love, I can't ignore you
In my room
Do anything for you (tap, tap)
Love, I do adore you
In my room
(Tap, tap go the piece of ass) you and I
Love, I can't ignore you
In my room
Do anything for you (tap, tap)
Love, I do adore you
In my room
(Tap, tap go the piece of ass) you and I
Sometimes I kiss her, I start shakin'
She slips me the tongue and it tastes like bacon
Uh-oh, something's wrong, baby's upset
She told me she was spotted by the neighbor's kid
She can't come back now 'cause they know our secret
Unless I can make them keep it
If I do, she may come to life
Now I'm in their yard with a shotgun and knife
Cut the screen, went in and found the kid
Blew a bowl of spaghetti in the side of his head
Then the daddy was next, runnin' down the hall
I shredded his throat and he was quick to fall
Tossed the Mossberg and gribbed the knife
Started stabbing the shit out of his wife
Went home a bloody mess with a job well done (tap, tap)
Wash up and wait for my baby to come (tap, tap)
Love, I can't ignore you
In my room
Do anything for you (tap, tap)
Love, I do adore you
In my room
(Tap, tap go the piece of ass) you and I
Love, I can't ignore you
In my room
Do anything for you (tap, tap)
Love, I do adore you
In my room
(Tap tap go the piece of ass) you and I
I waited two or three days, four days
Waitin' for the tap tap like always
I waited and hated this
I created a bloody mess
I waited two or three months, four months
Waitin' for the tap tap just for once
I waited and hated this
I created a bloody mess
I waited two or three days, four days
Waitin' for the tap tap like always (where is she?)
I waited and hated this (why isn't she comin' back?)
I created a bloody mess (tap, tap)
I waited two or three months, four months (I fuckin' killed those people!)
Waitin' for the tap tap just for once ("where the fuck is she?")
I waited and hated this (tap, tap)
I created a bloody mess (why isn't she coming back?)
I waited two or three days, four days
(In my room) waitin' for the tap tap like always (I can't believe I did it)
(Love) I waited and hated this
(In my room, you and I) I created a bloody mess ("I killed them!")
(Love) I waited two or three months, four months
(In my room) waitin' for the tap tap just for once ("where is she?!")
(Love) I waited and hated this
(In my room, you and I) I created a bloody mess


you got this homie

Hey, Mike, Mike
Mike! (Check three, check five), turn me up!
Right about now
Check three, check five
Welcome everyone to the big show
Jake and Jack and the Dark Carnival
Remove your hats or we'll cut off your head
Show respect, you's amongst the dead
Don't like bigots and richie boy fucks
Ain't shit changed, bitch, check nuts
Detroit Southwest murderers style
The greatest spectacle under the sky
Five cards came and made their mark
From Moon Yugon down to Patton Park
Fuck your drum kit, xylophone, cello
I'm a wicked clown, bitch, hello?
Everybody come jump in our ride
Fit you and your fat-ass bitch inside
Wagon's tips are swift as a breeze
Can't nobody get with these, motherfucker, bring it on!
Bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it (bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it)
Bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it (bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it)
Bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it (bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it)
Bring it, bring it (bring it, bring it), bring it!
Violent J, Shaggy, serial killers with style
Fashion of the 2000s and beyond
Voodoo chicken and magical wand
Dead bigots (yeah), face down in a pie
Broken neck with the flick of our wrist
All this player hatin' getting me pissed
Fat chick, skinny chick, chicky-chick, hoes
Swishers, Faygos, and Kung-Fu blow
If Jake Jeckel drop any you're done
No more chicks, just sizzling balls
I'll hypnotize you like a vampire
Bite your neck and set your head on fire
Shoot me with silver bullets? Okay!
I'll pull 'em out and pawn 'em and get paid
Here, try my licorice treats
I know dead folk that chew they feet
Carnival moves in shadow of time
And we's runnin' a little behind (bitch), bring it on
Bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it (bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it)
Bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it (bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it)
Bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it (bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it)
Bring it, bring it (bring it, bring it), bring it on!
Insane Clown Posse, ICP
Axe murdering done with a touch of Detroit class
Jeckel drop ball, Shangri-La dies (come on)
Jeckel drop ball, Shangri-La dies (come on)
Jeckel drop ball, Shangri-La dies (oh)
One for your greed, two for your lies (come on)
Jeckel drop ball, Shangri-La dies (come on)
Jeckel drop ball, Shangri-La dies (come on)
Jeckel drop ball, Shangri-La dies (come on)
One for your greed, two for your lies (come on)
Shaggs 2 Dope, serial killer
Axe murder boy, wig cap peeler
I could wear a Fila jacket and look fresh
I'm pimpin' like David Koresh was
People think I got bombs in my locker
Teacher try to open it up, I'ma sock her
Get the fuck back and leave me alone
Before I have to come to your home and see ya
Wind me up and I can do flips
And put the smack down on your lips
Billy Bill, Rude, Jumpsteady, Tom Dub
Stephen, Legz, Double A, got love (whoop-whoop)
Drinking Moon Mist, carnival bar
Got folk love, people love, whatever you are
Forks sideways I'm a juggalin' man
Can't nothing stop the rain, bitch, bring it on
Bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it (bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it)
Bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it (bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it)
Bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it (bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it)
Bring it, bring it (bring it, bring it), bring it!
Hey y'all, we brings it to ya
Like we work for fuckin' Federal or UPS, yeah
Yes, may I help ya?
Yeah, lemme get, uh, three soft tacos with no lettuce, a chilito, and a nacho b-
Excuse me, sir, but we do not have, how do you say, chilito
A chilito, a chilito, you know what I'm sayin'? The, um, it's a-
No, sir, I do not know
We have on chilito as you say
This is Taco Land, we only have their fresh vegetables with pita loaf
We have no chilitos
Man, fuck that! I'm lookin' at this shit right on the menu
I want a chilito!
Perhaps, instead, I make for you a fresh slice of tomato on pizza, no?




What the fuck? I want a motherfuckin' chilito, man
Yeah? Fuckoof
What?
Fuckoof
Hey, fuck you, motherfacko!
No, fuck off!




[Violent J (Shaggy)]

(Hey yo J)
What's up player?
(You know they don't like juggalos over there)
Right
(50 bucks says you don't get nothin)
Man, let me tell you somethin
Check this out (What up?)
It might sound shady
But I fuck a rich hoe named Grady.
They call her that cause her hair is blue,
She's one of them rebellious rock chicks too.
Anyway she has a big hoop in her neden,
Rings, chains, needles, pins, and things
Tatoos, it might sound fierce,
But I swear to God the bitch gots her butthole pierced.
She told me she liked it rough, I'm like straight,
First thing she did was punch me in the face,
I'm about to plant one to her jaw,
Before I could she was tounging my balls,
Oooooh whadablah, I dropped my weapon,
Looked down and my nuts was kicksteppin,
We was butt naked all over the floor
It felt weird though cause we was at the Faygo store.

[Chorus]
Momma don't like this wicked clown
I might come from the dark side of town
When she's gone and you're alone again
50 bucks says you'll let me in

[Shaggy (J)]

(Hey yo Shaggy)
What up player?
(You know they don't like juggalos over there)
Right
(50 bucks says you don't get nothing)
Maan, let me tell you somethin.
I've done fuck bitches both sides of the border,
Nuthin like Gretta the millionaire's daughter,
Something like 950-sumthin pounds,
5'8" tall and she looove clowns.
Bitch had titties like water balloons,
My boys used to swing off 'em like baboons,
She'd buy us chocolates, swiss cheese pie,
And take it, and bake it... completely naked,
An ocean of loopness it ain't like nuthin,
Just jump anywhere in the mess and start humpin,
Don't really matter where I stick my dick,
I just reach (yeah), and grab (yeah), and stab (yeah), and jab (yeah),
But that ain't the reason that I love this hoe,
She used to do a funny little trick with my dick hole:
She'd blow into it and make a wish,
And my nuts would expand like puffer fish.

[Chorus 11x]

