Aww, little baby bitch ass is crying again, what's the matter?
Feeling like you don't fit in anywhere?
What about fitting that ass in with us, the mighty Deezy Cizzarn?
We'll fucking gladly take you
We take all shapes, colors, sizes, and genders!
We are the mighty, mystical, mythological
Dark motherfucking carnival, byatch!
I see you feeling lonely again, you's a mother fucker
Feeling like you don't belong, like you the only other?
Some of us scrubs got it worse than you
Some of us scrubs got it worse than you
No homies to call on, or crew to belong too
Some of us said fuck all that bullshit and dropped out
Some of us stood up to fight but got knocked out
Some of us like to cuss and don't like your format
We like the wicked shit and chose not to ignore that
Some of us be coming out of more than a broken home
Some of us be living out of our cars and carry on
Some of us see the Budget Suites as a real apartment
And make you take off your shoes on our carpet
Some of us are on parole and can't leave the state
And some are dead and gone, my homie Blaze can relate
And some can't afford a free phone call
But then some of us's equal us all, think about that
We Belong! We the shit. We Belong! We the shit
We Belong! Our carnival is here!
We Belong! We the shit. We Belong! Come as you are
We Belong! Find Us Everywhere!
Some of us own dope cars that fail to exist
Some of us have profiles nobody else fits
And some ain't got time for the Monks in Tibet
Because my own kids are hungry and they're looking to me for shit
Some of us own drug paraphenalia materials
And some of us have incurable sexual venereals
And some of us have dreams of being a star
And most won't make it that far, but it's all good
Some of us can't afford the coolest shoes
Some of us give a fuck what popularity choose
Some bitches tittie dance because their babies are crying
Others say they're dancing for college, you know that they're lying
Some of us are in love with people who ain't ours
Some of us don't give up until we're behind bars
And some of us must of been born to take the fall
But then some of us's equal us all
And I'm with you
We Belong! We the shit. We Belong! We the shit
We Belong! Our carnival is here!
We Belong! We the shit. We Belong! Come as you are
We Belong! Find Us Everywhere!




Sedatives
Insane Clown Posse

[Intro]
"Dr. Davis, telephone please, Dr. Davis, telephone please
Dr. Forest, dial one eighteen please
Dr. Forest, please dial one one eight
Dr. Glair, Dr. Glair, Dr. J. Hamilton, Dr. J. Hamilton"

[Verse 1: Violent J & Shaggy 2 Dope]
I like to suffocate people and bite their necks
They got me in a place that ain't like the rest
And all you gotta do is try to go for the neck
And it's sedatives, sedatives, like that
Slow down, color smear all around
Weird sounds, you in the mind of a clown
And a wicked one somehow spinnin' around
Wheel me down the hallway, arms strapped down
With sedatives hangin' all out the neck from the IV
Sedatives for the lively
Study me, ask me, no answer
I'm cuttin' your neck first chance, sir
White walls, white floor, small rooms
After sedatives, they become ballrooms
Crows fly by my window slow
Headed that way but lookin' at me though


[Chorus: Violent J & Shaggy 2 Dope]
Sedatives, sedatives
(Lookin' at me) Sedatives, sedatives
(Lookin' at me) Sedatives, sedatives
Sedatives, sedatives

[Verse 2: Violent J & Shaggy 2 Dope]
I'm an accident, human malfunction at best
And I'm lookin' at a scalpel diggin' into your chest
If I could only move, but them sedatives
You know they saving your life, them sedatives
Some of these other patients are strong as hell
Suffocating one creep took me long as hell
But I took his sedatives, well I thought they were sedatives
But they were only medatives
I fake pain, call 'em over and play dead
And yank a fistful of hair out the nurse lady's head
High on sedatives again, put me in a tiny place
Chin strap muzzle over my face
I threw a guy off the roof first day they admitted me
I was sedated, and that's when it hit me
The only time I'm at peace is when I ain't even there
God tell me, why the fuck am I here?

[Chorus: Violent J & Shaggy 2 Dope]
Sedatives (No shock) (!haA)
Sedatives (No shock) (!oN !haA)
Sedatives (No shock) (!rekcuf rehtom uoY)
(!haA)
[Verse 3: Violent J & Shaggy 2 Dope]
I want a lobotomy, no shock therapy
Come clean me nurse, take care of me
I suffocated the last two they sent in alone
They had to stick me in the chest with a shot of methadone
Recreation time, wheel me to the courtyard
Four guards in white and they might be important
And the sky is blue and I can watch trees grow
Watch leaves flow, enjoy the sedative show
Well I even have my very own room these days
White straight jacket, padded walls and PJ's
But there's so many ways and every stunt I pull
I even slammed my own mouth down on the toilet bowl
For attention? maybe, not to mention a sedative
Heard one guy say "why even let it live?"
There's probably no sedatives in Hell
And that's the only reason I'm alive still!
The Witch is everywhere and I can see that, y'all
Stabbed one nurse in the neck with a straw
A plastic straw, yeah it's flimsy and weak
But if you cork it with your thumb and hold it right, freak!

[Outro: Shaggy 2 Dope]
Sedatives, sedatives, sedatives, sedatives
Sedatives, sedatives, sedatives, sedatives
Sedatives, sedatives, sedatives, sedatives
Sedatives, sedatives, sedatives, sedatives
Sedatives, sedatives, sedatives, sedatives
Sedatives, sedatives, sedatives, sedatives
Sedatives, sedatives, sedatives, sedatives
Sedatives, sedatives, sedatives, sedatives
[Segue]
*Tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap* "Come out here"


MAKE SURE ITS MEDINCINE AND NOT SEDATIVES!!!
